AMOGH B 
Bengaluru | Ph: +91 8884775445 | amogh-b@outlook.com | www.linkedin.com/in/amogh-b  
  
EMPLOYMENT 
Data Science Mentor & Guest Faculty                                                                                                                   Mar 2024 – present 
Statsparks Academy 
• Developed and curated high-quality Data Science course materials, including lectures, hands-on projects, and assessments, 
tailored to various learning levels and industry requirements. 
• Designed and delivered comprehensive Data Science courses for both technical and non-technical students, enhancing their 
proficiency in data analysis, machine learning, and statistical modeling. 
 
Junior Software Developer - AI ML                                                                                                                     Oct 2023 - Mar 2024 
Empulse Market Research and Data Analytics Pvt Ltd 
• Led the development and implementation of a comprehensive Market Research & Data Analytics solution for a key Supply Chain 
Management client, resulting in enhanced data-driven decision-making processes. 
• Led the Development of a Time Series Forecasting Engine and company’s Data Science training material. 
• Spearheaded Tableau Visualization tasks, creating visually compelling and insightful dashboards that provided stakeholders with 
real-time insights into supply chain metrics, improving overall operational efficiency. 
• Implemented Data Quality check pipelines, data preprocessing pipelines, and data transformation pipelines tailored to the unique 
requirements of RNN and Meta-Learner models. 
• Leveraged deep learning Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) models, alongside Metalearner ensemble techniques, to construct 
advanced forecasting models, thereby enhancing the accuracy and robustness of predictive analytics capabilities. 
• Provided technical leadership and mentorship to trainee team members, fostering a collaborative and innovative work 
environment. 
 
DATA SCIENTIST                                                                                                                                                  Mar 2022 - May 2023 
TuringMinds.Ai – Soothsayer Analytics 
• Joined TuringMinds.Ai for their comprehensive work-integrated learning program in collaboration with INSOFE gaining hands-on 
experience and insight into industry practices while contributing to real-world projects and initiatives. 
• Spearheaded the development of a robust Signature Detection Accelerator and Next Word Prediction Accelerator leveraging 
cutting-edge object detection methodologies like YOLO (You Only Look Once) and Bi-Directional LSTM and NLTK in NLP. 
• Acquired proficiency in various machine learning algorithms, including regression, classification, and clustering, through practical 
training and projects. 
• Conducted extensive experimentation and fine-tuning of hyperparameters to improve model accuracy and speed. 
 
TRAINEE ENGINEER - Internship                                                                                                                     June 2019 - Mar 2020  
Samtronics Data Products Ltd 
• Was trained on technologies like CodeIgniter 3.1.10, PHP and MySQL. 
• Worked on User Authentication and Login Forms. 
 
SKILLS 
Python, R, MySql, MongoDB, Tableau, Pandas, PyMuPDF, Numpy, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, Seaborn, OpenCV, PyTorch, 
Tensorflow, Keras, NLTK, Spacy, ANN, CNN, RNN, Transformers, Gen AI, LLM, LangChain, OpenAI, Docker, Jenkins, AWS, 
Azure, Flask, Streamlit, Fast API. 
EDUCATION 
Master of Computer Applications                                                                                                                       July 2020 - Feb 2022 
Jain University 
 
Bachelor of Computer Applications                                                                                                                    Aug 2016 - Apr 2019 
Surana College 
 
CERTIFICATIONS 
Post Grad Program in Computational Data Science                                                                                         Mar 2022 - Jan 2023 
upGrad INSOFE & Case Western Reserve University 
 
Tableau for Data Scientists 
Linkedin Learning 
 
Prompt Engineering for ChatGPT 
Vanderbit Univesity - Coursera 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
• Guest Speaker - Fundaments of Graphic Designing & Print Media Designing - Surana College                                    Aug - 2020 
• One of the top 3 winners in the Mid-Term Hackathon organized by INSOFE 
